[Docs] fix docs (#7642)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/contributing.md

Documentation is one of the easiest ways to get started contributing to QMK. Finding places where the documentation is wrong or incomplete and fixing those is easy! We also very badly need someone to edit our documentation, so if you have editing skills but aren't sure where or how to jump in please [reach out for help](#where-can-i-go-for-help)!

> You'll find all our documentation in the `qmk_firmware/docs` directory, or if you'd rather use a web based workflow you can click edit (pencil) icon at the top of each documentation on https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/tree/master/docs/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll find all our documentation in the `qmk_firmware/docs` directory, or if you'd rather use a web based workflow you can click the "Edit Document" link at the bottom of each page on https://docs.qmk.fm/.
```
